Go Won: Wow
Go Won: Hi~
Go Won: Pineapple~!
Go Won: I heard that I'm going to shoot a pineapple eating scene
Go Won: Eating scene!
Chuu: Wow! So fancy!
Go Won: You too!
Chuu: Well... actually, it's just simple.
(Yves trying to draw attention from other members!)
Go Won: What are you doing?
Yves: Attracting attention.
Yves: Do you know that there are our representative fruits on the table?
Chuu: Really?
Yves: Yes!
Chuu: Wow!
Yves: That's an apple, Yves' representative fruit.
Chuu: And there's a strawberry Chuu ate.
Yves: And it's a cherry!
Yves: HI, Choerry~
Yves: Why did you put it here?
'Because Choerry will be appeared later...'
Yves: Oh~
Yves: Choerry, where are you?
Chuu: Choerry!
Yves: Choerry, are you coming?
Chuu: Come quickly~
Yves: Can you here me?